1952	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... and immoral policy of "containment" which abandons countless human beings to a despotism and godless	terrorism,	which in turn enables the rulers to forge the captives into a weapon for our ...
1967	USA	US - SOU	Johnson	... provide real security to the people living in the countryside. And this means reducing the	terrorism	and the armed attacks which kidnaped and killed 26,900 civilians in the last 32 months, ...
1976	USA	US - PNAS	Carter	... peace is not the mere absence of war. Peace is action to stamp out international	terrorism.	Peace is the unceasing effort to preserve human rights. Peace is a combined demonstration of ...
1976	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... Atomic Energy Agency and other international safeguards and monitoring of national facilities, cooperation against potential	terrorism	involving nuclear weapons, agreement by suppliers not to transfer enrichment or reprocessing facilities, international assurance ...
1976	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... help in getting a job for the offender who has served his or her time.	Terrorism	— both domestic and international-must be stopped. Not only must the strongest steps be taken ...
1976	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... which promote negotiated settlements and racial peace. We shall continue to deplore all violence and	terrorism	and to urge all concerned that the rights of tribal, ethnic and racial minorities be ...
1976	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... In the many areas of International cooperation which benefit the average American — elimination of	terrorism,	peacekeeping, non-proliferation of nuclear weapons, termination of the international drug trade, and orderly use of ...
1980	USA	US - SOU	Carter	... skills. At this time in Iran, 50 Americans are still held captive, innocent victims of	terrorism	and anarchy. Also at this moment, massive Soviet troops are attempting to subjugate the fiercely ...
1980	USA	US - SOU	Carter	... fiercely independent and deeply religious people of Afghanistan. These two acts — one of international	terrorism	and one of military aggression-present a serious challenge to the United States of America and ...
1980	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... sacrifices some of these government officials face in serving their country. With the threat of	terrorism	and political unrest always present, we are committed to improving the security of our embassies ...
1980	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... recipients to accept mutual restraints. The Democratic Administration has increased our capacity to counter national	terrorism,	both on a national basis and in coordination with other governments, and to deal with ...
1980	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... a national basis and in coordination with other governments, and to deal with acts of	terrorism	including hostage-taking committed either by individuals or by governments. We will strengthen multilateral arrangements for ...
1980	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... Resolutions 242 and 338. It is also long past time for an end to all	terrorism	and other acts of violence against Israel. We have not and will not use our ...
1980	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... and conciliation, international disarmament, implementation of the Law of the Sea Agreement, and controlling international	terrorism.	Into the 1980s As we look to the 1980s, we have a full and challenging ...
1980	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... and its allies is not only a military one. We face a threat from international	terrorism.	Our access to energy and raw material resources is challenged by civil unrest, Soviet-sponsored subversion, ...
1980	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... debilitated U.S. intelligence capabilities while easing the intelligence collection and subversion efforts of our adversaries.	Terrorism	In the decade of the seventies, all civilized nations were shaken by a wave of ...
1980	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... who reject the rule of law, civil order, and the sanctity of individual human rights.	Terrorism	has been elevated to the level of overt national policy as authorities in Iran, encouraged ...
1980	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... must serve as the basis for a determined international effort to end this era of	terrorism.	We believe that certain principles have emerged from incidents in which states have defeated terrorist ...
1980	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... international consensus that firmness and refusal to concede are ultimately the only effective deterrents to	terrorism.	The United States should take the lead in combating international terrorism. We must recognize and ...
1980	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... only effective deterrents to terrorism. The United States should take the lead in combating international	terrorism.	We must recognize and be prepared to deal with the reality of expanded Soviet sponsorship ...
1980	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... Thank you, gentlemen. Now for the fourth question, to President Garter from Barbara Walters. INTERNATIONAL	TERRORISM	MS. WALTERS. Mr. President, the eyes of the country tonight are on the hostages in ...
1980	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... this is a sensitive area, but the question of how we respond to acts of	terrorism	goes beyond this current crisis. Other countries have policies that determine how they will respond. ...
1980	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... the country has the right to know, do you have a policy for dealing with	terrorism	wherever it might happen, and what have we learned from this experience in Iran that ...
1980	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... other leaders of the We. stern world, we committed ourselves to take strong action against	terrorism.	Airplane hijacking was one of the elements of that commitment. There is no doubt that ...
1980	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... the most serious terrorist threat is if one of those radical nations, who believe in	terrorism	as a policy, should have atomic weapons. Both I and all my predecessors have had ...
1980	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... all, and it's part of a pattern where our country must stand firm to control	terrorism	of all kinds. MR. SMITH. Ms. Walters, a followup? MS. WALTERS. Yes. While we are ...
1980	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... the ban on such goods if they let our people come home. Doesn't this reward	terrorism,	compromise our neutrality, and possibly antagonize nations now friendly to us in the Middle East? ...
1980	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... on the hostages in Iran, but the question of how we respond to acts of	terrorism	goes beyond this current crisis. There are other countries that have policies that determine how ...
1980	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... the country has the right to know, do you have a policy for dealing with	terrorism	wherever it might happen, and what have we learned from this experience in Iran that ...
1980	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... say that neither candidate answered specifically the question of a specific policy for dealing with	terrorism,	but I will ask Governor Reagan a different followup question. You have suggested that there ...
1980	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... any comment from Governor Reagan about what he would do to stop or to reduce	terrorism	in the future. What the Western allies did decide to do is to stop all ...
1980	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... to stop all air flights - commercial air flights — to any nation involved in	terrorism	or the hijacking of airplanes, or the harboring of hijackers. Secondly, we all committed ourselves, ...
1980	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... civilized countries of the world made it plain that there is no room worldwide for	terrorism;	there will be no negotiation with terrorists of any kind. And while I have a ...
1981	USA	US - SOU	Carter	... rights. We have struggled with many to help free the region of both repression and	terrorism.	We have respected ideological diversity and opposed outside intervention in purely internal affairs. We will ...
1981	USA	US - IA	Reagan	... weapon that we as Americans do have. Let that be understood by those who practice	terrorism	and prey upon their neighbors. I'm told that tens of thousands of prayer meetings are ...
1982	USA	US - SOU	Reagan	... better, more secure life for our neighbors to the south. Toward those who would export	terrorism	and subversion in the Caribbean and elsewhere, especially Cuba and Libya, we will act with ...
1983	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... President Gemayel, he expressed his people's deepest regret and revulsion over this wanton act of	terrorism.	I in turn assured him that the tragic events of this week had only served ...
1983	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... the process, it occupied a large part of Lebanon. However, Syria did nothing to control	terrorism	against Israel's northern border. Israel decided to neutralize the PLO and, in June 1982, mounted ...
1983	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... also brought new determination. Free people, no matter where they live, must stand together against	terrorism.	We stand united with the people of Japan and Korea. I will underline our commitment ...
1984	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... war. Second, we had to try to help bring greater stability to regions riddled by	terrorism	and revolutionary violence that threatened our interests and, ultimately, our security. Third, we had to ...
1984	USA	US - SOU	Reagan	... And we must not be driven from our objectives for peace in Lebanon by state-sponsored	terrorism.	We have seen this ugly specter in Beirut, Kuwait, and Rangoon. It demands international attention. ...
1984	USA	US - SOU	Reagan	... and Rangoon. It demands international attention. I will forward shortly legislative proposals to help combat	terrorism.	And I will be seeking support from our allies for concerted action. Our NATO alliance ...
1984	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... The Democratic Party opposes any consideration of negotiations with the PLO, unless the PLO abandons	terrorism,	recognizes the state of Israel, and adheres to U.N. Resolutions 242 and 338. Jerusalem should ...
1984	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... America and East Asia, to apartheid in South Africa or martial law in Poland, to	terrorism	in Libya or the reign of terror in Iran, or to barbaric aggression in Southeast ...
1984	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... about Castro's brutal dictatorship in Cuba. Only our firmness will thwart his attempts to export	terrorism	and subversion, to destroy democracy, and to smuggle narcotics into the United States. But we ...
1984	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... a deep concern for peace and justice in Northern Ireland and condemn all violence and	terrorism	in that strife-torn land. We stand in solidarity with the peoples of Eastern Europe: the ...
1984	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... not recognize or negotiate with the PLO so long as that organization continues to promote	terrorism,	rejects Israel's right to exist, and refuses to accept U.N. Resolutions 242 and 338. The ...
1984	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... our security by enabling friendly nations to provide for their own defense, including defense against	terrorism.	Terrorism is a new form of warfare against the democracies. Supported by the Soviet Union ...
1984	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... security by enabling friendly nations to provide for their own defense, including defense against terrorism.	Terrorism	is a new form of warfare against the democracies. Supported by the Soviet Union and ...
1984	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... our diplomacy, armed forces, intelligence services, and law-enforcement organizations. Legislative obstacles to international cooperation against	terrorism	must be repealed, followed by a vigorous program to enhance friendly nations' counter-terrorist forces. In ...
1984	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... seek the cooperation of our hemispheric neighbors to deal comprehensively with the Soviet and Cuban	terrorism	now afflicting us. International Organizations Americans cannot count on the international organizations to guarantee our ...
1984	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... law-enforcement and counterintelligence efforts to halt Soviet commercial espionage and illegal exploitation of our technology.	Terrorism	International terrorism is not a random phenomenon but a new form of warfare waged by ...
1984	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... counterintelligence efforts to halt Soviet commercial espionage and illegal exploitation of our technology. Terrorism International	terrorism	is not a random phenomenon but a new form of warfare waged by the forces ...
1984	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... time to think about appropriate preventive or pre-emptive actions against terrorist groups before they strike.	Terrorism	is an international problem. No one country can successfully combat it. We must lead the ...
1984	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... to pressure members of the League of Terror to cease their sponsorship and support of	terrorism.	A Secure Future During the Carter-Mondale Administration, the Soviets built more weapons, and more modern ...
1984	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... I know the threats that are made against me. We all know the possibility of	terrorism.	We have seen the barricades that have had to be built around the White House. ...
1984	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... are supporting in order to create martyrs. Is this not, in effect, our own state-supported	terrorism?	The President. No, but I'm glad you asked that question, because I know it's on ...
1984	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... were produced — was distributed, ordering political assassinations, hiring of criminals, and other forms of	terrorism.	Some of it was excised, but the part dealing with political terrorism was continued. How ...
1984	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... other forms of terrorism. Some of it was excised, but the part dealing with political	terrorism	was continued. How can this happen? How can something this serious occur in an administration ...
1985	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... We continue to work for the release of the American hostages held in Lebanon. This	terrorism	reminds us of the threat posed to open societies and of the great challenges we ...
1985	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... our own borders, carrying the same specter of economic chaos, the same threat of political	terrorism,	the same flood tides of refugees we've seen follow every Communist takeover from Eastern Europe ...
1985	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... regional conflicts in Afghanistan, Africa, Latin America, and elsewhere. We must also join forces against	terrorism.	There is no place in a civilized world for assassinations, terrorist bombings, and other mindless ...
1985	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... other mindless violence. I strongly urge you and your government to join us in combating	terrorism	and ensuring that no country will offer succor or comfort to terrorists. We have much ...
1985	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... not our last. We're working with all peace-loving nations to create a united front against	terrorism,	and we're fighting the international narcotics traffickers poisoning our youth. The First Lady's drug conference ...
1986	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... the sparks of a wider conflict. Much of our effort has been aimed at stopping	terrorism	— putting an end to the bombing of innocent civilians and the kidnaping of hostages, ...
1986	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... gave the order to proceed. We had some notable success: There was some reduction in	terrorism,	and three of our hostages were released-one at a time — and others were about ...
1986	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... policy: to end the war in the Middle East, to prevent Soviet expansionism, to halt	terrorism,	and to help gain release of American hostages. But now I want to speak to ...
1986	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... will also serve as a forum for discussion of critical noneconomic issues: the environment and	terrorism,	for example. Poet John Donne once wrote that "No man is an island." Well, when ...
1986	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... John Donne once wrote that "No man is an island." Well, when it comes to	terrorism,	no country is a fortress. The death of innocent people at the hands of terrorists, ...
1986	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... the leaders of the other industrialized democracies about what must be done in response to	terrorism,	especially state-sponsored terrorism. We must and will stand as one against the enemies of civilization. ...
1986	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... the other industrialized democracies about what must be done in response to terrorism, especially state-sponsored	terrorism.	We must and will stand as one against the enemies of civilization. Seldom has the ...
1986	USA	US - RA	Reagan	Radio Address to the Nation on	Terrorism	May 31st, 1986 My fellow Americans: History is likely to record that 1986 was the ...
1986	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... the year when the world, at long last, came to grips with the plague of	terrorism.	For too long, the world was paralyzed by the argument that terrorism could not be ...
1986	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... the plague of terrorism. For too long, the world was paralyzed by the argument that	terrorism	could not be stopped until the grievances of terrorists were addressed. The complicated and heartrending ...
1986	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... these fundamental challenges in getting to the root cause of conflict is to declare that	terrorism	is not an acceptable alternative and will not be tolerated. Effective antiterrorist action has also ...
1986	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... at great political risk, stood shoulder to shoulder with us during our operations against Qadhafi's	terrorism.	Some members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee have gone so far as to prepare ...
1986	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... this substitute is not a compromise; it's retreat. Its passage would be a victory for	terrorism	and a defeat for all we've been trying to do to stop this evil. One ...
1986	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... urge the Senate to promptly approve the revised treaty and reinforce the momentum building against	terrorism.	With good sense, courage, and international cooperation, our struggle against terrorism will be won. And ...
1986	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... the momentum building against terrorism. With good sense, courage, and international cooperation, our struggle against	terrorism	will be won. And the United States will lead the way into a freer and ...
1987	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... subject are thorough and frequent. Similarly, our cooperation and coordination in the fight against international	terrorism	stand as examples to the rest of the world. Our record on the economic front ...
1987	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... our discussions in Venice will permit us to address such diverse topics as agricultural problems,	terrorism,	drug abuse, and the AIDS epidemic. So, too, the relationship between the free nations of ...
1988	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... a matter of fact, Mr. Bush was the Chairman of a task force on international	terrorism	which issued a report shortly before that decision was made and said, and rightly so, ...
1988	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... open invitation to others to do the same. We've got to be tough on international	terrorism.	We've got to treat it as international crime. We've got to attack at all points, ...
1988	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... and we can give no quarter when it comes to breaking the back of international	terrorism.	Yes, we should make every effort to try to help those hostages come home, but ...
1988	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... important. And I think it's important to understand what happened here. A report on international	terrorism	chaired by the Vice President was released and made some very specific recommendations about how ...
1988	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... Vice President was released and made some very specific recommendations about how to deal with	terrorism.	They were ignored. The Vice President ignored them. He says mistakes were made. Very serious ...
1988	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... Bush knows as thoroughly as anyone in the world today the nature and problem of	terrorism.	As chairman of this administration's task force on terrorism he oversaw a report that is ...
1988	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... today the nature and problem of terrorism. As chairman of this administration's task force on	terrorism	he oversaw a report that is the toughest statement to date on the need for ...
1988	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... administration has achieved more convictions for civil rights 'violations than any previous administration. In fighting	terrorism,	Attorney General Meese worked closely with our allies to detect, apprehend, and prosecute those who ...
1988	USA	US - RA	Reagan	... forward. And we rededicated our nations to combating the modern day evils of airplane hijacking,	terrorism,	and illegal drugs. It's this last matter, the fight against illegal drugs, that I'd like ...
1988	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... to prevent the spread of these weapons to other nations before the nightmare of nuclear	terrorism	engulfs us all. WE BELIEVE in an America that recognizes not only the realities of ...
1988	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... as Fidel Castro continues to oppress the Cuban people at home and to support international	terrorism	and drug trafficking abroad. We will vigorously continue our support for establishment of a genuinely ...
1988	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... a deep concern for peace and justice in Northern Ireland and condemn all violence and	terrorism	in that strife-torn land. We support the process of peace and reconciliation established by the ...
1988	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... recognizes Israel's right to exist, accepts United Nations Security Council resolutions 242 and 338, renounces	terrorism,	and removes language from its charter demanding Israel's destruction. Under Republican leadership, the United States ...
1988	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... interest of the U.S. Until order is established, Lebanon will be a source of international	terrorism	and regional instability. To reestablish normalcy in Lebanon, the U.S. must strengthen the hand of ...
1988	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... in the past, religious groups will live in harmony, international commerce will flourish and international	terrorism	will not exist. For nearly four decades, U.S. policy in the Persian Gulf has reflected ...
1988	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... world. We support its refusal to fund international organizations involved in abortion. [p.87] Stopping International	Terrorism	and Dealing with Low Intensity Conflict The nature of warfare itself has changed. Terrorism is ...
1988	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... International Terrorism and Dealing with Low Intensity Conflict The nature of warfare itself has changed.	Terrorism	is a unique form of warfare that attacks and threatens security and stability around the ...
1988	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... and car-bomb attacks on American USO clubs, to narco-subversion in the nations of the West,	terrorism	seeks to silence freedom as an inalienable right of Man. The world of totalitarianism and ...
1988	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... prevent terrorist attacks, the United States must maintain an unsurpassed intelligence capability. In cases of	terrorism	where prevention and deterrence are not enough, we believe that the United States must be ...
1988	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... United States must continue to push for a Western commitment to a "no-concessions" policy on	terrorism.	The Republican Party understands that many problems facing our country are centered on "Low Intensity ...
1988	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... many problems facing our country are centered on "Low Intensity Conflicts." These include insurgencies, organized	terrorism,	paramilitary actions, sabotage, and other forms of violence in the gray area between peace and ...
1988	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... military assistance that enables friendly nations to provide for their own defense, including defense against	terrorism.	[p.88] We recognize the increasing threat of terrorism to our overall security. We will pursue ...
1988	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... for their own defense, including defense against terrorism. [p.88] We recognize the increasing threat of	terrorism	to our overall security. We will pursue a forward-leaning posture toward terrorism, and are prepared ...
1988	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... increasing threat of terrorism to our overall security. We will pursue a forward-leaning posture toward	terrorism,	and are prepared to act in concert with other nations or unilaterally, as necessary, to ...
1988	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... and development needed for their future vigor. We wholeheartedly support greater international cooperation to counter	terrorism	and to ensure the safety of innocent citizens travelling abroad. State Department Organization The United ...
1988	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... administration. This renewed emphasis has been essential in conducting diplomacy, supporting our armed forces, confronting	terrorism,	stopping narcotics traffic, battling Soviet subversion, and influencing [p.101] events in support of other national ...
1988	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... assume that role. Whether we are dealing with security challenges in the Persian Gulf or	terrorism	or the scourge of drugs, the willingness of other nations to act resolutely will depend ...
1991	USA	US - SOU	H. W. Bush	... wrong. If he thinks that he will advance his cause through tragic and despicable environmental	terrorism,	he is dead wrong. And if he thinks that by abusing the coalition prisoners of ...
1992	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... nuclear, chemical, and even biological weapons to threaten us and our neighbors. Drug trafficking and	terrorism,	often linked, menace Americans at home and abroad. Great transitions in world affairs are rarely ...
1992	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... global navy and modernization of vital airlift and sealift capacity. We remain committed to combating	terrorism	in all its forms wherever it threatens U.S. citizens or interests. Republicans will preserve the ...
1992	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... Assuring the availability of timely and reliable information on regional threats and unrest, drug trafficking,	terrorism,	technology transfer, proliferation, and a host of other issues — this is one of our ...
1993	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... of this new era. I am committed to protecting our people, deterring aggression, and combating	terrorism.	The work of combating proliferation of weapons of mass destruction is difficult and unending, but ...
1993	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... determination of our Federal authorities at the national and at the local level to combat	terrorism.	And the people who would engage in these kinds of acts in this country need ...
1994	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... North Korea's nuclear program to the efforts of Iran and other backlash states to sponsor	terrorism.	We're meeting those threats with steadiness and resolve. At the same time, we recognize we've ...
1994	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... elimination will make all of us safer, not only from nuclear accidents but from nuclear	terrorism.	And now I'm in Moscow. The weather's cold, but our work has brought us to ...
1994	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... an age of increasing interdependence, our mission is to provide for our own security, fighting	terrorism,	fighting proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, fighting conventional threats; then to help other nations ...
1994	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... together, with American leadership, we can do that. We can resist tyranny. We can combat	terrorism	and contain chaos. We can work for peace, for progress, for human rights. The sacrifices ...
1994	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... made it clear to them that the PLO must do everything it can to end	terrorism	against Israel so that the peace process can create a better future for this region. ...
1995	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... share technology and information and law enforcement resources in increasing our common efforts to combat	terrorism	and organized crime. One other important decision this week will also help to make this ...
1995	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... clear that I will not in any way allow the fight against domestic and foreign	terrorism	to build a wall between me and the American people. I will be every bit ...
1995	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... possible. Now let's think for a minute about what this action says about the danger	terrorism	poses to the openness of our society or to any free society. The fact that ...
1995	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... will, and wear away our freedom. These are the true stakes in our war against	terrorism.	We cannot allow ourselves to be frightened or intimidated into a bunker mentality. We cannot ...
1995	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... people, and so can this. But more must be done to reduce the threat of	terrorism,	to deter terrorism. First, Congress must pass my antiterrorism legislation. We mustn't let our country ...
1995	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... can this. But more must be done to reduce the threat of terrorism, to deter	terrorism.	First, Congress must pass my antiterrorism legislation. We mustn't let our country fight the war ...
1995	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... Congress must pass my antiterrorism legislation. We mustn't let our country fight the war against	terrorism	ill-armed or ill-prepared. I want us to be armed with 1,000 more FBI agents. I ...
1995	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... This is a commitment Congress must keep. On a deeper level, we must all fight	terrorism	by fighting the fear that terrorists sow. Today the Secret Service is taking a necessary ...
1995	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... that tragedy, congressional leaders pledged to have the legislation I proposed to crack down on	terrorism	on my desk by Memorial Day. The Senate is now considering the antiterrorism bill. I'm ...
1995	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... position of some Senators from both parties that three crucial weapons in the fight against	terrorism	should be stripped from the bill. The first concerns my proposal to expand the wiretap ...
1995	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... how some Senators could actually suggest that it's okay to use the military for nuclear	terrorism	but not to use them for chemical and biological terrorism. We need their unique knowledge ...
1995	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... use the military for nuclear terrorism but not to use them for chemical and biological	terrorism.	We need their unique knowledge in all instances. I want law enforcement to have the ...
1995	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... we have to fight and stop the extraordinary threat now posed by chemical and biological	terrorism	all around the world. Finally, I strongly disagree with Senators who want to remove a ...
1995	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... In the 21st century, the security of the American people will require us to fight	terrorism	all around the world and, unfortunately, here at home. It's a fight we have to ...
1995	USA	US - SOU	Clinton	... throughout the world to join us with renewed fervor in a global effort to combat	terrorism.	We cannot permit the future to be marred by terror and fear and paralysis. From ...
1996	HK	HK - GA	Patten	... as do Hong Kong's other law enforcement agencies, in international cooperation against drugs, money-laundering and	terrorism.	Our independent Judiciary, enforcing the law fairly and impartially. Our free and energetic press, with ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... else, that we must give nothing less than everything we have in the fight against	terrorism	in our country and around the world, for the forces that are sparking so much ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... a cause to launch a terrorist attack against innocent people. In this new era, fighting	terrorism	must be a top law enforcement and national security priority for the United States. On ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... and with our allies, we have put in place strong sanctions against states that sponsor	terrorism.	We have improved our cooperation with other nations to deter terrorists before they act, to ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... day go by in which America does not have the tools it needs to fight	terrorism.	It's essential that Congress send me the right anti-terrorism legislation, legislation that finally will give ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... year, the people of Oklahoma City have proved this. We know we can heal from	terrorism.	But now we must do even more to stop it before it happens. A strong ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... or the spread of weapons of mass destruction or organized crime or drug trafficking or	terrorism,	no nation can defeat it alone. But together we can deal with these problems and ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... whether they come from beyond our borders. This is especially true of our efforts against	terrorism.	That's why I'm very pleased that Congress has agreed to give the American law enforcement ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... Congress has agreed to give the American law enforcement people important new tools to fight	terrorism.	Yesterday was the first anniversary of the bombing in Oklahoma City. We owe it to ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... there, those who were wounded, and their families to do all we can to fight	terrorism.	Last year I sent Congress a bill to strengthen law enforcement's ability to protect Americans ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... year I sent Congress a bill to strengthen law enforcement's ability to protect Americans from	terrorism.	Right after the Oklahoma City bombing I strengthened the proposals and congressional leaders promised swift ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... go as far as I would like, but it does strike a real blow against	terrorism,	and I will be happy to sign it. From Egypt to England, from the Tokyo ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... Tokyo subway to the World Trade Center, from the heart of Jerusalem to America's heartland,	terrorism	ignores borders and strikes without discrimination. As we recognize crime victims everywhere this National Crime ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... very spirit of the Olympics. This was brutal evidence that no nation is immune from	terrorism	and an urgent reminder that we must do everything we can to fight the terrorists. ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... space open to all people who visited Atlanta, is symbolic of the world's problem with	terrorism.	Now, that's why terrorism must be a central national security priority for the United States. ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... people who visited Atlanta, is symbolic of the world's problem with terrorism. Now, that's why	terrorism	must be a central national security priority for the United States. Our efforts must and ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... must and will be unrelenting, coordinated, and strong. We are pursuing a three-part strategy against	terrorism:	First, we're rallying the world community to stand with us against terrorism. From the Summit ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... three-part strategy against terrorism: First, we're rallying the world community to stand with us against	terrorism.	From the Summit of the Peacemakers in Sharm al-Sheikh, Egypt, where 13 Arab nations for ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... with our G-7 partners in Russia last month to take specific common actions to fight	terrorism,	we are moving forward together. Our intelligence services have been sharing more information with other ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... week will help to deny Iran and Libya the money they use to finance international	terrorism.	Second, our antiterrorism strategy relies on tough enforcement and stern punishment here at home. We ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... our antiterrorism strategy relies on tough enforcement and stern punishment here at home. We made	terrorism	a Federal offense, expanded the role of the FBI, imposed the death penalty. We've hired ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... our antiterrorism legislation. So let's put aside interest group politics and honor the victims of	terrorism,	protect our people, and support our law enforcement officials by giving them the tools they ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... our law enforcement officials by giving them the tools they plainly need. This fight against	terrorism	will be long and hard; there will be setbacks along the way. But let's remember, ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... extraditing terrorists back to America and convicting terrorists and arresting others who are suspected of	terrorism.	We can whip this problem. Just as no enemy could drive us from the fight ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... II and the cold war, we cannot be driven from the fight against today's enemy,	terrorism.	We know that if we all work together, America will prevail. Thanks for listening. Note: ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... summit. We're meeting at a time of peace and prosperity but in the shadow of	terrorism.	The cowardly, brutal attack on American military personnel in Saudi Arabia is on everyone's mind. ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... with me to direct our agenda to the work we can do together to fight	terrorism	and international crime. This is especially important now. While the international perils of the 20th ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... lives. But they also make us all more vulnerable to rogue states, crime, drugs, and	terrorism.	Unlike the previous great struggles of this century, we must confront these threats along a ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... the cold war, we will not be driven from the frontiers of our fight against	terrorism	today. Working with our partners around the world, we will take on the forces of ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... United States leadership, here in Lyons we have adopted specific recommendations to combat crime and	terrorism,	practical steps that all governments can take and should take. They fall into four key ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... together as soon as possible to discuss additional steps to intensify the worldwide fight against	terrorism.	All these steps against terrorism, international crime, drug trafficking, and the spread of weapons of ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... to discuss additional steps to intensify the worldwide fight against terrorism. All these steps against	terrorism,	international crime, drug trafficking, and the spread of weapons of mass destruction are part of ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... from the region and around the world came together in support of peace and against	terrorism.	Our summit was called to confront an urgent threat. Recent terrorist atrocities in Israel have ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... more vulnerable because they're open to threats that all too easily can cross national borders.	Terrorism	is a part of the growing web of threats that include the spread of weapons ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... weapons of mass destruction, drug trafficking, and organized crime. I have made our fight against	terrorism	a national security priority. And in order to defeat these forces of destruction, we need ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... every tool at our disposal. The United States maintains strong sanctions on states that sponsor	terrorism.	We have stepped up cooperation with other nations to root out terrorists before they act ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... do. We have increased funding, manpower, and training for our law enforcement agencies to combat	terrorism.	And our efforts are yielding results. We made swift arrests after the attacks on the ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... the same day I was in the Middle East rallying the world community to fight	terrorism,	some in Congress, led by Republicans, were taking apart piece by piece the tough legislation ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... to gut the bill. The House took the teeth out of our efforts to fight	terrorism.	Unbelievably, the House voted to give law enforcement officials fewer tools to fight terrorism than ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... fight terrorism. Unbelievably, the House voted to give law enforcement officials fewer tools to fight	terrorism	than they have to fight far less horrible crimes here at home. First, the bill ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... but the Federal law enforcement officials who put their lives on the line to fight	terrorism.	Even the Republican chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Henry Hyde, couldn't believe what his colleagues ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... Judiciary Committee, Henry Hyde, couldn't believe what his colleagues did, saying the House eviscerated the	terrorism	bill. I urge the Senate to stand firm and turn this bill back into the ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... legislation I want to sign and America needs. Our Nation has felt the lash of	terrorism.	We know its terrible costs, and we know that only America can lead the world's ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... Congress should get back on track and send me tough legislation that cracks down on	terrorism.	It should listen to the cries of the victims and the hopes of our children, ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... we have done in North Korea, working with other nations to fight common dangers like	terrorism,	drug trafficking, and organized crime, strengthening our alliances in Asia and Europe, or isolating rogue ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... the international community, this treaty can be an early warning that is essential for combating	terrorism.	Congressional action on the Chemical Weapons Convention will also strengthen the hand of our law ...
1996	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... our friends in the region against aggression, to work with others in the fight against	terrorism,	to preserve the free flow of oil, and to build support for a comprehensive Middle ...
1996	USA	US - SOU	Clinton	... wrong. The threats we face today as Americans respect no Nation's borders. Think of them:	terrorism,	the spread of weapons of mass destruction, organized crime, drug trafficking, ethnic and religious hatred, ...
1996	USA	US - PNAS	Clinton	... an unproved, ineffective Star Wars program that could be obsolete tomorrow. (Applause.) We are fighting	terrorism	on all fronts with a three-pronged strategy. First, we are working to rally a world ...
1996	USA	US - PNAS	Clinton	... three-pronged strategy. First, we are working to rally a world coalition with zero tolerance for	terrorism.	Just this month I signed a law imposing harsh sanctions on foreign companies that invest ...
1996	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... threat of weapons of mass destruction; and meeting new challenges to our security such as	terrorism,	international crime, and drug trafficking. Strengthening our military. Over the past four years, the Administration ...
1996	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... address the new dangers of this era. Chief among these are the interwoven threats of	terrorism,	drug trafficking, and international crime. We have seen the terrible toll they have exacted -- ...
1996	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... neighborhoods. The Clinton-Gore Administration has mounted the most aggressive effort in American history to combat	terrorism,	drug trafficking, and international crime. We captured and convicted the perpetrators of the World Trade ...
1996	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... of the 1996 G-7 summit. We imposed or maintained strong sanctions against states that sponsor	terrorism,	including Iran, Iraq, Libya, and Sudan, and made clear to Syria that normal relations depend ...
1996	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... that normal relations depend on concrete steps to end its support for groups involved with	terrorism.	We opposed irresponsible cuts to U.S. intelligence programs and supported efforts to reorganize and strengthen ...
1996	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... that country's leadership failed to cooperate with American anti-narcotics efforts. Our three front war on	terrorism	-- abroad, through greater cooperation with our allies; at home, by giving law enforcement the ...
1996	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... our allies; at home, by giving law enforcement the most powerful tools available to fight	terrorism;	and in our airports and on airplanes, through tough air travel security measures -- is ...
1996	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... air traffic control system. Today's Democratic Party is determined to keep the war on global	terrorism,	narcotics, and crime at the center of our security agenda. We will seek increased cooperation ...
1996	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... to their victims, speeds the removal of criminal aliens, and steps up the fight against	terrorism.	Congressional Republicans put into law a truth-in-sentencing prison grant program to provide incentives to states ...
1996	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... the narcotics trade. We wish to express our support and sympathy for all victims of	terrorism	and their families. Acts of terrorism against Americans and American interests must be stopped and ...
1996	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... express our support and sympathy for all victims of terrorism and their families. Acts of	terrorism	against Americans and American interests must be stopped and those who commit them must be ...
1996	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... deadly threats facing us in the early years of the 21st Century: violent crime, drugs,	terrorism,	and international organized crime. Those perils are interlocked - and all are escalating. This is ...
1996	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... American World Leadership Defending America Against Missle Attack Rebuilding America's Strength Protecting American Interest International	Terrorism	Africa Asia The Middle East Western Hemisphere Security and Foreign Assistance Protecting America's Technological Edge ...
1996	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... especially against Catholics, in the workplace and elsewhere. We call on all parties to renounce	terrorism	in the Northern Ireland conflict. Cyprus: We encourage a peaceful settlement for Cyprus and respect ...
1996	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... and must maintain full control of our national and state parks, without international interference. International	Terrorism	Terrorist states have made a comeback during Bill Clinton's Administration. He has treated their rulers ...
1996	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... Republican president will forcefully lead the world community to isolate and punish state sponsors of	terrorism.	It is vital to our security that we actively work to reverse the threat posed ...
1996	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... but their own borders. We will be proactive, not reactive, to strike the hand of	terrorism	before it can be raised against Americans. We denounce terrorist attacks made on American citizens ...
1996	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... also denounce any attempts to deprive law-abiding citizens of their God-given, constitutionally-protected rights while fighting	terrorism.	To take away the liberty of the American people while fighting terrorism is repugnant to ...
1996	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... rights while fighting terrorism. To take away the liberty of the American people while fighting	terrorism	is repugnant to the history and character of our nation. We firmly oppose any legislation ...
1996	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... remains. But it is still the most volatile region in the world. Islamic radicalism, increasing	terrorism,	and rogue states like Iran, Iraq, Syria, and Libya threaten regional and international stability. In ...
1996	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... and employment programs. Intelligence The intelligence community should be our first line of defense against	terrorism,	drug trafficking, nuclear proliferation, and foreign espionage. Bill Clinton's neglect of our country's intelligence service ...
1996	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... Northern Ireland and the Middle East. We've also stood up to the new threats of	terrorism,	the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, organized crime. And we have worked hard to ...
1997	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... It will derail our cooperation on fighting the spread of dangerous weapons, drug trafficking, and	terrorism.	It will close one of the world's emerging markets to American exports and jeopardize more ...
1997	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... when we met in Lyon, France, we agreed on a series of measures to combat	terrorism	and organized crime. Since then we've actually implemented concrete steps, from improving airline security to ...
1997	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... leadership in this hemisphere and elsewhere, not only on trade but in fighting drugs and	terrorism	and dealing with our other security problems will be strengthened. In the post-cold-war world, national ...
1997	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... partners, they're much less likely to be our partners in fighting crime and drugs and	terrorism	and the proliferation of dangerous weapons. A yes vote is a vote for confidence in ...
1997	USA	US - SOU	Clinton	... it will make our troops safer from chemical attack; it will help us to fight	terrorism.	We have no more important obligations, especially in the wake of what we now know ...
1998	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... to tell you what we're doing and how we are combating the larger problem of	terrorism	that targets Americans. Most of you have seen the horrible pictures of destruction on television. ...
1998	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... and counterterrorism specialists to determine what happened and who was responsible. Americans are targets of	terrorism,	in part, because we have unique leadership responsibilities in the world, because we act to ...
1998	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... world, because we act to advance peace and democracy, and because we stand united against	terrorism.	To change any of that — to pull back our diplomats and troops from the ...
1998	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... to turn our backs on those taking risks for peace, to weaken our opposition to	terrorism	— that would give terrorism a victory it must not and will not have. Instead, ...
1998	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... those taking risks for peace, to weaken our opposition to terrorism — that would give	terrorism	a victory it must not and will not have. Instead, we will continue to take ...
1998	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... justice; disrupting terrorist operations; deepening counterterrorism cooperation with our allies and isolating nations that support	terrorism;	protecting our computer networks; improving transportation security; combating the threat of nuclear, chemical, and biological ...
1998	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... protection of our troops overseas. We have created an international coalition to help us combat	terrorism	and have apprehended or helped to capture more than 40 terrorists abroad, including those involved ...
1998	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... August 22nd, 1998 Good morning. I want to talk to you about our strike against	terrorism	last Thursday. Two weeks ago, a savage attack was carried out against our Embassies in ...
1998	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... of Muslims all over the world, including millions right here in the United States, oppose	terrorism	and deplore the twisting of their religious teachings into justification of inhumane, indeed ungodly acts. ...
1998	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... twisting of their religious teachings into justification of inhumane, indeed ungodly acts. Our efforts against	terrorism	cannot and will not end with this strike. We should have realistic expectations about what ...
1998	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... companies. We'll urge other governments to do the same. We must not allow sanctuary for	terrorism,	not for terrorists or for their money. It takes money, lots of it, to build ...
1998	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... that restores hope for peace in the Middle East. It strengthens security, increases cooperation against	terrorism,	and brings both sides closer to the day when they can live together as free ...
1998	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... American people sent us here to deal with, from health care to the economy to	terrorism.	Today that's exactly what we're doing. I want to tell you about the latest steps ...
1999	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... our military to play its part in meeting emerging threats to our security such as	terrorism	and proliferation. It will help us to do right by our troops by upgrading and ...
1999	USA	US - SOU	Clinton	... must also meet threats to our Nation's security, including increased dangers from outlaw nations and	terrorism.	We will defend our security wherever we are threatened, as we did this summer when ...
1999	USA	US - SOU	Clinton	... to all of you, if we do these things — if we pursue peace, fight	terrorism,	increase our strength, renew our alliances — we will begin to meet our generation's historic ...
2000	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... the burdens of peacekeeping, and mutual effort to combat challenges that know no borders, from	terrorism	to environmental destruction. To advance our interests and protect our values in this new, interconnected ...
2000	USA	US - RA	Clinton	... will never let the enemies of freedom and peace stop America from seeking peace, fighting	terrorism	and promoting freedom. For only by defending our people, our interests and our values will ...
2000	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... social dislocation, violence, and war. It means meeting new challenges such as international crime and	terrorism,	environmental degradation, and pandemic diseases head-on. And it means that Forward Engagement must be the ...
2000	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... have seen their societies torn apart by the intersection of criminal activity, political discord, and	terrorism.	And our nation is also afflicted with the violence and hopelessness of drugs. We must ...
2000	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... the realities. Even as elements in Iran press for reform, the country still supports international	terrorism,	strives to acquire weapons of mass destruction, and represses its citizens, as evidenced by the ...
2000	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... nuclear weapons, recognizing that the goal is strategic nuclear stability at progressively lower levels. Battling	Terrorism.	Whether terrorism is sponsored by a foreign nation or inspired by a single fanatic individual, ...
2000	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... recognizing that the goal is strategic nuclear stability at progressively lower levels. Battling Terrorism. Whether	terrorism	is sponsored by a foreign nation or inspired by a single fanatic individual, such as ...
2000	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... will scour the world to hunt them down and bring them to justice. While fighting	terrorism,	we will protect the civil liberties of all Americans. Our justice system must guarantee fairness ...
2000	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... country if citizens feel automatically suspect by virtue of their ethnic origin. The purpose of	terrorism	is not only to intimidate, but also to divide and fracture, and we cannot permit ...
2000	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... an effective deterrent death penalty, restitution to victims, removal of criminal aliens, and vigilance against	terrorism.	They stopped federal judges from releasing criminals because of prison overcrowding, made it harder to ...
2000	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... the price of oil. Anti-Americanism among the Arab people redoubled. Iran continued to sponsor international	terrorism,	oppose the Arab-Israeli peace process, and pursue nuclear, biological, chemical, and missile capabilities with extensive ...
2000	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... United States and a less threatening posture in the region. But Iran's record of supporting	terrorism,	opposing the Middle East peace process, developing weapons of mass destruction and long-range missiles, and ...
2000	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... Egypt and Jordan. We appreciate the significant contributions by Jordan to our common struggle against	terrorism,	and will take steps to bolster relations with Amman including negotiating a U.S.-Jordan Free Trade ...
2000	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... oppose religious persecution and the sex trafficking that ruins the lives of women and children.	Terrorism,	International Crime, and Cyber Threats America faces a new and rapidly evolving threat from terrorism ...
2000	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... Terrorism, International Crime, and Cyber Threats America faces a new and rapidly evolving threat from	terrorism	and international crime. Meeting this threat requires not just new measures, but also consistent policies ...
2000	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... by amorphous religious causes or simple hatred of America rather than by specific political aims.	Terrorism	crosses borders easily and frequently, including U.S. borders, and cannot easily be categorized as either ...
2000	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... and cannot easily be categorized as either domestic or international. Republicans support a response to	terrorism	that is resolute but not impulsive. The most likely highly destructive terrorist attack remains a ...
2000	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... counterterrorism policy that were laid down originally by Vice President George Bush's Commission on Combating	Terrorism	in 1985. First, we will make no concessions to terrorists. Giving in simply encourages future ...
2000	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... power and moral authority. Second, we will isolate, pressure, and punish the state sponsors of	terrorism.	Third, we will bring individual terrorists to justice. Past and potential terrorists will know that ...
2000	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... America will never stop hunting them. Fourth, we will provide assistance to other governments combating	terrorism.	Fighting international terrorism requires international collaboration. Once again, allies matter. Republicans in Congress have led ...
2000	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... stop hunting them. Fourth, we will provide assistance to other governments combating terrorism. Fighting international	terrorism	requires international collaboration. Once again, allies matter. Republicans in Congress have led the way in ...
2000	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... we can diffuse these tensions and deal with non-proliferation and deal with the problems of	terrorism	and these new weapons of mass destruction. Look, we're gonna face some serious new challenges ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... attack. My plan extends unemployment compensation by 13 weeks in the states hardest hit by	terrorism.	My plan helps states offer Medicaid to uninsured workers in need, and their families. And ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... As too many Americans know firsthand, the economy began to slow early last year, and	terrorism	has hit us hard. Many workers have lost jobs and others are seeing their hours ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... future. Above all, this coming year will require our sustained commitment to the war against	terrorism.	We cannot know how long this struggle will last. But it can end only one ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... New York Post newspaper. Four Americans have died as a result of these acts of	terrorism.	At least 13 others have developed forms of anthrax disease, either in the lungs, or ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... To every leader, I have delivered a consistent message: all civilized nations are threatened by	terrorism,	and all civilized nations have a responsibility to join in fighting it. The United States ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... every nation must crack down on terrorist financing. Every nation that possesses useful intelligence about	terrorism	must share it. Every nation must close down terrorist camps inside its boarders. Every nation ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... pick and choose its terrorist friends will be regarded by us as a supporter of	terrorism.	We expect nations to speak the truth about terror. They shouldn't encourage malicious lies and ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... now plot and plan in many countries. And they must be stopped. The fight against	terrorism	is also a fight for the rights and dignity of women. In America, next week ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... we're making a determined effort to take away his hiding places. The best defense against	terrorism	is a strong offensive against terrorists. That work continues. At the same time, we are ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... continues. At the same time, we are taking further action to strengthen our protections against	terrorism	here at home. This week, I signed an executive order creating a new Office of ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... Governor Ridge is charged with coordinating a comprehensive national effort to protect our country against	terrorism,	to frustrate terrorists' plans, to help protect vulnerable points, and to prepare our response to ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... we are continuing to enlist the resources of the civilized world in our war against	terrorism.	I am meeting with leaders from China and Mexico, Russia and Canada, Australia and Japan, ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... but across the world. These attacks once again reveal the evil at the heart of	terrorism,	the evil we must fight. The nations meeting here in Shanghai understand what is at ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... meeting here in Shanghai understand what is at stake. If we do not stand against	terrorism	now, every civilized nation will at some point be its target. We will defeat the ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... pleased to report that our nation continues to take important steps in the war against	terrorism.	Next week, the House of Representatives will be voting on an airline security bill that ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... on this vital legislation, as it did this week in passing new legislation to fight	terrorism.	The bill I signed yesterday gives intelligence and law enforcement officials additional tools they need ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... weapons. It is now easier to seize the assets of groups or individuals involved in	terrorism.	Government has greater ability to deport known terrorists and their supporters. And the statute of ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... sessions with members of my National Security Council, as we plan a comprehensive assault on	terrorism.	This will be a different kind of conflict against a different kind of enemy. This ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... Those who make war against the United States have chosen their own destruction. Victory against	terrorism	will not take place in a single battle, but in a series of decisive actions ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... planning a broad and sustained campaign to secure our country and eradicate the evil of	terrorism.	And we are determined to see this conflict through. Americans of every faith and background ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... report to you on the progress being made on many fronts in our war against	terrorism.	This is a different kind of war, which we will wage aggressively and methodically to ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... in their dedication to freedom and they will make us proud in the struggle against	terrorism.	International cooperation is gaining momentum. This week, I met with the Prime Ministers of two ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... Japan. Other countries, from Russia to Indonesia, are giving strong support as the war against	terrorism	moves forward. America is grateful to the nations that have cut off diplomatic ties with ...
2001	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... 27 terrorist organizations, terrorist leaders and foreign businesses and charities that support or front for	terrorism.	We froze whatever assets they had here in the United States, and we blocked them ...
2001	USA	US - SOU	G. W. Bush	... or no rest. And we will pursue nations that provide aid or safe haven to	terrorism.	Every nation, in every region, now has a decision to make. Either you are with ...
2001	USA	US - SOU	G. W. Bush	... the terrorists. (Applause.) From this day forward, any nation that continues to harbor or support	terrorism	will be regarded by the United States as a hostile regime. Our nation has been ...
2001	USA	US - SOU	G. W. Bush	... put on notice: We are not immune from attack. We will take defensive measures against	terrorism	to protect Americans. Today, dozens of federal departments and agencies, as well as state and ...
2001	USA	US - SOU	G. W. Bush	... He will lead, oversee and coordinate a comprehensive national strategy to safeguard our country against	terrorism,	and respond to any attacks that may come. These measures are essential. But the only ...
2001	USA	US - SOU	G. W. Bush	... any attacks that may come. These measures are essential. But the only way to defeat	terrorism	as a threat to our way of life is to stop it, eliminate it, and ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... at our ranch in Crawford, Texas. America has no better ally in our war against	terrorism	than Great Britain. Six months ago, when the United States launched military strikes against al ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... owes much to the strong support from allies like Great Britain. Yet, the war against	terrorism	is far from over. It will continue in Afghanistan and beyond. The world has been ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... living side by side in peace and security. This goal can never be realized through	terrorism.	It can only be realized through a political process. Arab governments, the Palestinian leadership and ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... the days just after September the 11th, I told the American people our war against	terrorism	would be a different war, fought on many fronts. And we are making progress on ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... reform Medicare to include prescription drug benefits. Both Houses must reach a consensus on final	terrorism	insurance legislation, to spur building projects and create construction jobs. And they must agree on ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... America's farmers and businesses sell their products abroad. And we worked together to enact a	terrorism	insurance legislation, so our construction workers could get back on the job. As a result ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... businesses and business leaders. America in 2002 continued our efforts to confront the danger of	terrorism.	We increased the security of our ports and coasts and airlines, and created a new ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... the wake of the terrorist attacks. Today, all three nations are supporting our fight against	terrorism.	I look forward to discussing our progress in ridding the world of this great threat ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... and its people. Government's responsibilities begin with the defense of our nation. Our fight against	terrorism	began in Afghanistan, but it will not end there. America must not rest until every ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... wear our country's uniform. We will spend what it takes to win the war against	terrorism.	A related priority is homeland security. We will pursue a sustained strategy to protect our ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... security. We will pursue a sustained strategy to protect our people from the threat of	terrorism.	The federal government has already acted to increase airport security, investigate terrorist activity and improve ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... year's tax reductions permanent and I ask Congress to work with me to pass a	terrorism	insurance bill, to give companies the security they need to expand and create jobs through ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... for American workers. To promote our economic security, we also need to act on a	terrorism	insurance bill. Until Congress sends a bill to my desk, some buildings will not be ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... stalling and workers are missing out on these jobs. This year alone, the lack of	terrorism	insurance has killed or delayed more than $8 billion in commercial property financing. Congress should ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... killed or delayed more than $8 billion in commercial property financing. Congress should pass a	terrorism	insurance bill without unnecessary measures that increase frivolous litigation. Finally, we must promote economic security ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... will speed the safe flow of people and commerce, but protect our two nations from	terrorism	and crime. We are working together on a Partnership for Prosperity, to better focus the ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... Russia and the United States are building a friendship based on shared interests -- fighting	terrorism	and expanding our trade relationship. After centuries of isolation and suspicion, Russia is finding its ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... And together, we must face the challenges of the world beyond Europe and America --	terrorism,	poverty, and evil regimes seeking terrible weapons. Europe and America share common dangers and common ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... people to work is to pass legislation so that construction projects can get insurance against	terrorism	at a reasonable price. This will spur construction and create thousands of good hard-hat jobs ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... wars are not won on the defensive. The best way to keep America safe from	terrorism	is to go after terrorists where they plan and hide. And that work goes on ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... from Europe where, this week, I am meeting with NATO allies and friends to discuss	terrorism	and other threats to our shared security. It has also been an important week at ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... measures will help keep terrorists and their weapons out of America. In addition, Congress passed	terrorism	insurance legislation to help protect our economy from any future terrorist attack. This new important ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... the United States is joined by more than 90 nations in a global coalition against	terrorism,	sharing intelligence, cutting off terrorist finance and pursuing the terrorists where they plot and train. ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... must be disarmed. And all the United Nations resolutions against his brutality and support for	terrorism	must be enforced. The United States does not desire military conflict, because we know the ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... Another important step in putting America's hard hats back on the job is passing a	terrorism	insurance bill. Congress is close to a final agreement. And I look forward to signing ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... covering builders and real estate owners against the risk of terrorist attack. The lack of	terrorism	insurance has hurt the growth of this economy and cost American job. The lack of ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... insurance has hurt the growth of this economy and cost American job. The lack of	terrorism	insurance has delayed or cancelled more then $15 billion in real estate transactions. And more ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... professionals who could have good paying jobs have been out of work. The lack of	terrorism	insurance has delayed or cancelled more than $15 billion in real estate transactions. The $15 ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... 300,000 jobs -- jobs to carpenters and joiners, bricklayers, plumbers and other hardworking Americans. This	terrorism	insurance legislation will cost us nothing if we experience no further attacks. Yet it will ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... again put politics aside and take one last step to reach a final agreement on	terrorism	insurance. Congress is still in session next week. There's still time to reach an agreement. ...
2002	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... remind us that the enemy is still at large, threatening our safety and security. Defeating	terrorism	requires constant vigilance and preparation by our citizens and by our government. One way for ...
2002	USA	US - SOU	G. W. Bush	... important domestic issues in the same spirit of cooperation we've applied to our war against	terrorism.	During these last few months, I've been humbled and privileged to see the true character ...
2003	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... the world, no one is innocent. Relief workers and infants alike are targeted for murder.	Terrorism	may use religion as a disguise, but terrorism violates every religion and every standard of ...
2003	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... and infants alike are targeted for murder. Terrorism may use religion as a disguise, but	terrorism	violates every religion and every standard of decency and morality. The terrorists have declared war ...
2003	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... America also determine our conduct abroad. Across the world, we are meeting the threat of	terrorism	to make the world safer, and confronting the grave dangers posed by outlaw regimes. At ...
2003	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... threat, working to track down every lead and standing watch 24 hours a day against	terrorism.	This past week, Secretary of Homeland Security Tom Ridge issued strategic plans to protect our ...
2003	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... right people are in the right places to protect our citizens. Throughout the country, joint	terrorism	task forces are bringing together federal, state and local officials to fight terrorism. The FBI ...
2003	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... country, joint terrorism task forces are bringing together federal, state and local officials to fight	terrorism.	The FBI is expanding its terrorist identification system, so that 18,000 state and local law ...
2003	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... clear, to disarm Iraq of weapons of mass destruction, to end Saddam Hussein's support for	terrorism,	and to free the Iraqi people. The future of peace and the hopes of the ...
2003	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... forces of terror. Yet armed force is always a last resort, and Americans know that	terrorism	is not defeated by military power alone. We believe that the ultimate answer to hatred ...
2003	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... power alone. We believe that the ultimate answer to hatred is hope. The ideology of	terrorism	takes hold in an atmosphere of resentment and despair. And so we help men and ...
2003	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... accept more months and years of humiliation and killing and mourning. For peace to prevail,	terrorism	must end. All concerned must shake off the old arguments and the old ways and ...
2003	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... that must face this holiday with sorrow of recent loss. It is the nature of	terrorism	that a small number of people can inflict such terrible grief. Every person who dies ...
2003	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... spoke to the United Nations -- which has become, like our country, a target of	terrorism.	In the past month, terrorists have made two bombing attacks on the U.N. headquarters in ...
2003	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... and peace advance in that region, it will undermine the bitterness and resentment that feed	terrorism.	The terrorists understand this -- so they have chosen to fight against order and liberty ...
2003	USA	US - SOU	G. W. Bush	... this nation is leading the world in confronting and defeating the man-made evil of international	terrorism.	There are days when our fellow citizens do not hear news about the war on ...
2003	USA	US - SOU	G. W. Bush	... up in Iraq. A brutal dictator, with a history of reckless aggression, with ties to	terrorism,	with great potential wealth, will not be permitted to dominate a vital region and threaten ...
2004	HK	HK - PA	Tung	... fluctuations in areas such as shocks to financial markets, new diseases and epidemics, and international	terrorism.	Geo-politics and international conflicts could give rise to wide-spread threats. 13. But, generally speaking, we ...
2004	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... about known and suspected terrorists. This center will also be responsible for preparing the daily	terrorism	threat report for the President and senior officials, and its director will report to the ...
2004	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... executive orders to ensure that the people in government responsible for defending America and countering	terrorism	have the best possible information and support to identify threats and to protect the homeland. ...
2004	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... against terrorists are unified in priority and purpose. Center personnel will also prepare the daily	terrorism	threat report that comes to me and to senior government officials. Third, we're making sure ...
2004	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... terrorists that threaten America, and helping to build hopeful, democratic societies where the ideology of	terrorism	has no place. Our nation honors their sacrifice. And one of our greatest sources of ...
2004	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... in real-time. We are transforming the FBI into an agency whose primary focus is stopping	terrorism.	And we created a new Northern Command in the Department of Defense with the mission ...
2004	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... our work to win this struggle. We're now about three years into the war against	terrorism.	We've met great challenges and there are more ahead. This is no time for impatience ...
2004	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... used weapons of mass destruction against his own people, and who had supported and financed	terrorism.	On that day, I also cautioned Americans that, while a tyrant had fallen, the war ...
2004	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... members that have the will to fight terror, but need help in developing the means.	Terrorism	is a threat not just to the West, or to the wealthy, but to every ...
2004	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... the CIA. We are transforming the FBI into an agency whose primary focus is stopping	terrorism.	We have established the Terrorist Threat Integration Center so we can bring together all the ...
2004	USA	US - SOU	G. W. Bush	... that some people question if America is really in a war at all. They view	terrorism	more as a crime - a problem to be solved mainly with law enforcement and ...
2004	USA	US - PNAS	G. W. Bush	... them. (Applause.) This election will also determine how America responds to the continuing danger of	terrorism	-- and you know where I stand. (Applause.) Three days after September the 11th, I ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... freedom and ensure our nation's future, we must end our dependence on Mideast oil. DEFEATING	TERRORISM	Today, the Bush Administration is waging a war against a global terrorist movement committed to ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... free and open societies around the globe. Despite his tough talk, President Bush's actions against	terrorism	have fallen far short. He still has no comprehensive strategy for victory. After allowing bin ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... give rise to new recruits, and uses all the tools at our disposal. Agents of	terrorism	work in the shadows of more than 60 nations, on every continent. The only possible ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... health professionals, assisting with evacuation plans, and standing ready in emergency. Crime and violence. While	terrorism	poses an especially menacing threat to our nation, a strong America must remain vigilant against ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... President George W. Bush President Bush has confronted unprecedented challenges, including a world scarred by	terrorism.	The President and the American people have risen to the occasion by acting on a ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... the old course of pinprick strikes that did little to get at the root of	terrorism.	We eliminated many of al Qaeda's key leaders and put the world on notice that ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... organized crime and drug trafficking, but could not be used in the past to fight	terrorism.	Intelligence and law enforcement officials are sharing information as never before. The President transformed the ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... The President transformed the mission of the FBI to focus first and foremost on preventing	terrorism.	Every element of America's homeland security plan is critical, because the terrorists are ruthless and ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... can freely operate, by denying them territory and the support of governments. Nations that support	terrorism	are just as dangerous, and just as guilty, as the perpetrators of terrorism. Every nation ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... that support terrorism are just as dangerous, and just as guilty, as the perpetrators of	terrorism.	Every nation must make a choice to support terror or to support America and our ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... and other international organizations to take action in our common security. The global threat of	terrorism	requires a global response. To be effective, that global response requires leadership – and America ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... or coercion will turn them from their murderous ways. Only total and complete destruction of	terrorism	will allow freedom to flourish. We will extend the peace by supporting the rise of ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... enemy. Saudi Arabia is working hard to shut down the facilitators and financial supporters of	terrorism.	The government has captured or killed many first-tier leaders of the al Qaeda organization in ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... of what civilized nations can, and will, do against regimes that harbor, support, and use	terrorism	to achieve their political goals. Republicans believe that America and the world must keep our ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... make those nations stronger and more stable, and make the world more secure by undermining	terrorism	at its source. As a result of President Bush's leadership, G-8 members adopted the Broader ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... fellow G-8 leaders declared in 2003, the spread of weapons of mass destruction and international	terrorism	constitute "the pre-eminent threat to international security." The risks posed by this dangerous relationship cannot ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... taken significant steps to: streamline the federal government to make it more effective at combating	terrorism;	tighten security at entry points like ports, airports, and borders; strengthen protections at critical infrastructure ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... possible for law enforcement and intelligence agents to share information and coordinate efforts to prevent	terrorism.	The 9 / 11 Commission rightly praised the PATRIOT Act's role in improving information sharing. ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... also depend on America's diplomats, who serve in the vanguard of our present struggle. Defeating	terrorism	requires the United States to: help establish stable and democratic governments in nations such as ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... establish stable and democratic governments in nations such as Afghanistan and Iraq that once supported	terrorism;	support front-line states and coalition partners; deepen counterterrorism, intelligence, and law enforcement cooperation with allies ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... personnel. It is essential that the people in government responsible for defending America and countering	terrorism	have the best possible information to make the best decisions about the safety of our ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... unified in priority and purpose. The center will also be responsible for preparing the daily	terrorism	threat report for the President and senior officials. We also support President Bush's judgment that ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... by better preparing our military to address the new dangers associated with rogue nations, global	terrorism,	and weapons of mass destruction. It will also give our servicemembers more time on the ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... government rightfully remains on the State Department's Terrorist List due to its continued support for	terrorism,	including the harboring of fugitives from justice wanted in the United States for terrorism-related offenses. ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... their continent. Yet those institutions and values are threatened in some parts of Africa by	terrorism,	chaos, and civil war. To extend liberty in Africa, we must help African leaders who ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... increasing by 22 percent, the largest increase ever. Finally, we share the commitment to fighting	terrorism	and creating a strategically stable Asia. Republicans support President Bush's view that America must maintain ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... Europe – at NATO, through the European Union, and with individual nations – in combating	terrorism	and proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, building peace and democracy in Afghanistan and Iraq, ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... violate the fundamental tenets of the Islamic faith. We know that in this struggle against	terrorism	free nations have strong allies, of every faith, including millions of people in the Middle ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... businesses to provide health insurance for their employees. Enacted common sense liability protections in the	Terrorism	Risk Insurance and SAFETY Acts. Negotiated agreements to reduce trade barriers and expand access to ...
2004	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... toughening the prison sentences for those who use identity theft to commit other crimes, including	terrorism.	It reflects our government's resolve to answer serious offenses with serious penalties. And we praise ...
2004	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... to need several hundred thousand troops." Instead of listening to him, they retired him. The	terrorism	czar, who has worked for every President since Ronald Reagan, said, "Invading Iraq in response ...
2004	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... need leadership that's committed to democracy and freedom, leadership that will be willing to reject	terrorism.	I made a decision not to join the International Criminal Court in The Hague, which ...
2004	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... Is it Randee? I'm sorry. Iran / North Korea Randee Jacobs. Yes, Randee. Iran sponsors	terrorism	and has missiles capable of hitting Israel and southern Europe. Iran will have nuclear weapons ...
2004	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... in it that coordinate the FBI and the CIA. We need to be stronger on	terrorism.	But you know what we also need to do as Americans is never let the ...
2004	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... secure, there must be a comprehensive plan. My opponent, just this weekend, talked about how	terrorism	could be reduced to a "nuisance," comparing it to prostitution and illegal gambling. I think ...
2005	HK	HK - PA	Tung	... exchange rates, the upward cycle of interest rates and the lingering threat of epidemic outbreaks,	terrorism,	cross-strait tensions and international conflicts. In the age of globalisation, any sudden and unexpected incident ...
2005	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... the way forward is clear. The Palestinians must show the world that they will fight	terrorism	and govern in a peaceful way. We will continue to help the Palestinians to prepare ...
2005	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... the security and well-being of our friend and ally Israel. We demand an end to	terrorism	and violence in every form because we know that progress depends on ending terror. And ...
2005	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... Patriot Act's significant protections of civil liberties. It also includes provisions to fight crime and	terrorism	at America's seaports, and tougher criminal penalties and increased resources to combat the dangerous spread ...
2005	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... crime and fraud, then law enforcement should have at least the same tools to fight	terrorism.	The Patriot Act is helping America defeat our enemies while safeguarding civil liberties for all ...
2005	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... 21st century, the deepest values and interests of America and Europe are the same: defeating	terrorism,	conquering poverty, expanding trade and promoting peace. On both sides of the Atlantic, terrorist attacks ...
2005	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... allies about how to meet the mutual challenges we face: spreading freedom and democracy, defeating	terrorism,	expanding prosperity and promoting peace. In our meetings, we reaffirmed the vital importance of the ...
2005	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... has been an occupying force in Lebanon for nearly three decades, and Syria's support for	terrorism	remains a key obstacle to peace in the broader Middle East. Today, America and Europe ...
2005	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... will be free and fair. At the same time, the Lebanese people were demonstrating against	terrorism	in Beirut, the elected leader of the Palestinian people, President Abbas, declared that his government ...
2005	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... services. And the first reform must be the dismantling of terrorist organizations. Only by ending	terrorism	can we achieve our common goal of two democratic states, Israel and Palestine, living side-by-side ...
2005	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... But America, Europe and our Arab partners must all continue the hard work of defeating	terrorism	and supporting democratic reforms. Freedom is the birthright and deep desire of every human soul, ...
2005	USA	US - SOU	G. W. Bush	... created a new department of government to defend our homeland, focused the FBI on preventing	terrorism,	begun to reform our intelligence agencies, broken up terror cells across the country, expanded research ...
2006	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... September the 11th. Still, we must never make the mistake of thinking the danger of	terrorism	has passed. This week's experience reminds us of a hard fact: The terrorists have to ...
2006	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... broadly representative government that maintains its territorial integrity, is at peace with its neighbors, denies	terrorism	a sanctuary, and doesn't brutalize its own people. Given the current situation in Iraq, achieving ...
2006	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... of weapons to terrorist groups such as Hizballah, and Syria must end its support for	terrorism	and respect Lebanon's sovereignty. Secretary Rice will return to the region this weekend, and she ...
2006	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... threatened and invaded his neighbors, ordered the death of thousands of his citizens, and supported	terrorism.	After the liberation of the Iraqi people, Al Qaida and their affiliates have made Iraq ...
2006	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... Minister Blair told me that Iraq's new leaders are determined to rid their country of	terrorism,	unite Iraqis as one people, and deliver peace and prosperity for all their citizens. The ...
2006	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... and President Musharraf of Pakistan. These two leaders are working to defeat the forces of	terrorism	and extremism. Under President Musharraf, Pakistan is siding with the forces of freedom and moderation ...
2006	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... of national security that has been in the news -- the National Intelligence Estimate on	terrorism.	The NIE is a classified document that analyzes the threat we face from terrorists and ...
2006	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... them. Here is what Prime Minister Tony Blair said this week about that argument: "This	terrorism	isn't our fault. We didn't cause it. It's not the consequence of foreign policy." Prime ...
2006	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... not the consequence of foreign policy." Prime Minister Blair is right. We do not create	terrorism	by fighting terrorism. The terrorists are at war against us because they hate everything America ...
2006	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... of foreign policy." Prime Minister Blair is right. We do not create terrorism by fighting	terrorism.	The terrorists are at war against us because they hate everything America stands for and ...
2006	USA	US - SOU	G. W. Bush	... have voted in elections, and now the leaders of Hamas must recognize Israel, disarm, reject	terrorism,	and work for lasting peace. Saudi Arabia has taken the first steps of reform; now ...
2006	USA	US - SOU	G. W. Bush	... also show compassion abroad because regions overwhelmed by poverty, corruption, and despair are sources of	terrorism	and organized crime and human trafficking and the drug trade. In recent years, you and ...
2006	USA	US - SOU	G. W. Bush	... by showing the compassion of America. Our country must also remain on the offensive against	terrorism	here at home. The enemy has not lost the desire or capability to attack us. ...
2007	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... for all Iraqis. One Sunni sheik told me, "We have suffered a great deal from	terrorism.	We strongly support the democracy you have called for. The previous regime [of Saddam Hussein] ...
2007	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... destructive ambitions of Iran. And it will serve as a partner in the fight against	terrorism.	In this struggle, we have brave allies who are making great sacrifices to defeat the ...
2007	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... we met Sheikh Sattar, he told me, quote, "We have suffered a great deal from	terrorism.	We strongly support the democracy you have called for." Earlier this week, this brave tribal ...
2008	HK	HK - PA	Tsang	... Government set up the high-level Central Co-ordinating Committee on Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Financing of	Terrorism.	The initial stage of work is to scrutinise the supervisory regimes adopted by individual financial ...
2008	USA	US - RA	G. W. Bush	... Congress must pass. And we helped bring together nations throughout the Asia Pacific to fight	terrorism,	seek an end to tyranny in Burma, respond to natural disasters, and address other challenges ...
2008	USA	US - PNAS	Obama	... Russian aggression. I will build new partnerships to defeat the threats of the 21st century:	terrorism	and nuclear proliferation; poverty and genocide; climate change and disease. And I will restore our ...
2008	USA	US - PNAS	McCain	... and they'll strike us again if they can. Iran remains the chief state sponsor of	terrorism	and on the path to acquiring nuclear weapons. Russia's leaders, rich with oil wealth and ...
2008	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... that Iraqis want. This is what our common interests demand. Defeating Al Qaeda and Combating	Terrorism	The central front in the war on terror is not Iraq, and it never was. ...
2008	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... nuclear-armed nation at the nexus of terror, extremism, and the instability wrought by autocracy. Combat	Terrorism	Beyond Afghanistan and Pakistan, we must forge a more effective global response to terrorism. There ...
2008	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... Combat Terrorism Beyond Afghanistan and Pakistan, we must forge a more effective global response to	terrorism.	There must be no safe haven for those who plot to kill Americans. We need ...
2008	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... three potentially catastrophic threats: nuclear weapons, biological attacks, and cyber warfare. In an age of	terrorism,	these dangers take on new dimensions. Nuclear, biological, and cyber attacks all pose the potential ...
2008	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... The United States and its Quartet partners should continue to isolate Hamas until it renounces	terrorism,	recognizes Israel's right to exist, and abides by past agreements. Sustained American leadership for peace ...
2008	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... freedom from want. Because extremely poor societies and weak states provide optimal breeding grounds for	terrorism,	disease, and conflict, the United States has a direct national security interest in dramatically reducing ...
2008	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... develop markets, and generate wealth. Such states would also have greater institutional capacities to fight	terrorism,	halt the spread of deadly weapons, and build health-care infrastructures to prevent, detect, and treat ...
2008	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... Political Action Committees during this election. Reclaiming Our Constitution and Our Liberties As we combat	terrorism,	we must not sacrifice the American values we are fighting to protect. In recent years, ...
2008	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... we treat suspects. We recognize what leaders on the front lines of the struggle against	terrorism	have long known: to win this fight, we must maintain the moral high ground. When ...
2008	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... liberties, and protect against military and industrial espionage and sabotage. All this requires experienced leadership.	Terrorism	and Nuclear Proliferation The attacks of September 11, 2001 were a pivot point in our ...
2008	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... normal criminal justice system, but that misconception persists. The gravest threat we face — nuclear	terrorism	— demands a comprehensive strategy for reducing the world's nuclear stockpiles and preventing proliferation. The ...
2008	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... and Throughout the Nation Border security is essential to national security. In an age of	terrorism,	drug cartels, and criminal gangs, allowing millions of unidentified persons to enter and remain in ...
2008	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... other areas of the world. Russia Americans and the Russian people have common imperatives: ending	terrorism,	combating nuclear proliferation, promoting bilateral trade, and more. But matters of serious concern remain, particularly ...
2008	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... Iran until it takes steps to improve its behavior, particularly with respect to support of	terrorism	and suspension of its efforts to enrich uranium. At the same time, the U.S. must ...
2008	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... enforcement respects the civil and constitutional rights of the people. While we wage war on	terrorism	in foreign lands, it is sometimes necessary for intelligence agencies and law enforcement officials to ...
2008	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... and now they've reconstituted themselves. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates himself acknowledges the war on	terrorism	started in Afghanistan and it needs to end there. But we can't do it if ...
2008	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... how we're going to lead the world in terms of dealing with critical issues like	terrorism.	MCCAIN: I'm not going to set the White House visitors schedule before I'm president of ...
2008	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... to make a difference, in terms of our capacity to get cooperation and root out	terrorism.	And one of the things that I intend to do as president is to restore ...
2008	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... States of America can make a difference in preventing genocide, in preventing the spread of	terrorism,	in doing the things that the United States has done, not always well, but we've ...
2008	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... think it's so important for us to reverse course, because that's the central front on	terrorism.	They are plotting to kill Americans right now. As Secretary Gates, the defense secretary, said, ...
2008	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... to kill Americans right now. As Secretary Gates, the defense secretary, said, the war against	terrorism	began in that region and that's where it will end. So part of the reason ...
2008	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... to do what it needs to do, eliminate some of the drug trafficking that's funding	terrorism.	But I do believe that we have to change our policies with Pakistan. We can't ...
2008	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... kind of policies that ultimately end up undermining our ability to fight the war on	terrorism,	and it will change when I'm president. MCCAIN: And, Tom, if -- if we're going ...
2009	USA	US - SOU	Obama	... envoy to sustain our effort. To meet the challenges of the 21st century — from	terrorism	to nuclear proliferation, from pandemic disease to cyber threats to crushing poverty — we will ...
2010	USA	US - RA	Obama	... January 2, 2010 It's now been more than a week since the attempted act of	terrorism	aboard the flight in Detroit on Christmas Day. On Thursday, I received the preliminary findings ...
2010	USA	US - RA	Obama	... been struck, leaders eliminated, plots disrupted. And all those involved in the attempted act of	terrorism	on Christmas must know: You too will be held to account. But these efforts are ...
2012	USA	US - RA	Obama	... / 11: the ability to say with confidence that no adversary and no act of	terrorism	can change who we are. We are Americans, and we will protect and preserve this ...
2012	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... shifted away from the Bush administration's sweeping and internationally-divisive rhetoric of a "global war on	terrorism"	to a more focused effort against an identifiable network of people: al-Qaeda and its affiliates. ...
2012	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	Countering Emerging Threats As we have taken decisive steps to address today's dangers from	terrorism	and to prevent future nuclear proliferation, we have also sought to bolster homeland security and ...
2012	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... threats. Strengthening Alliances, Expanding Partnerships, and Reinvigorating International Institutions The greatest dangers we face -	terrorism,	nuclear proliferation, cyber and biological attacks, climate change, and transnational crime - cannot be solved ...
2012	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... expand our networks of security cooperation with other emerging partners throughout the region to combat	terrorism,	counter proliferation, provide disaster relief, fight piracy, and ensure maritime security, including cooperation in the ...
2012	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... of commerce essential to the global economy, and building a regional security architecture to counter	terrorism,	proliferation, ballistic missiles, piracy, and other common threats. Jerusalem is and will remain the capital ...
2012	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Dem	... is hard. Advancing our interests may involve new actions and policies to confront threats like	terrorism,	but the President and the Democratic Party believe these practices must always be in line ...
2012	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... the world. Illegal immigration undermines those benefits and affects U.S. workers. In an age of	terrorism,	drug cartels, human trafficking, and criminal gangs, the presence of millions of unidentified persons in ...
2012	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... America's freedom. Continued vigilance, especially in travel and commerce, is necessary to prevent bioterrorism, cyber	terrorism,	and other asymmetric or non-traditional warfare attacks and to ensure that the horror of September ...
2012	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... gravest threats to our national security this country has faced, including the proliferation of transnational	terrorism,	continued belligerence by a nuclear-armed North Korea, an Iran in pursuit of nuclear weapons, rising ...
2012	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... Chinese hegemony in the Asia Pacific region, Russian activism, and threats from cyber espionage and	terrorism.	In response to these growing threats, President Obama has reduced the defense budget by over ...
2012	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... which rules them is a mummified relic of the age of totalitarianism, a state-sponsor of	terrorism.	We reject any dynastic succession of power within the Castro family and affirm the principles ...
2012	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... especially the people of Mexico and Colombia. We propose a unified effort on crime and	terrorism	to coordinate intelligence and enforcement among our regional allies, as well as military-to-military training and ...
2012	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... put enormous pressure on the political and military infrastructure of Pakistan, which faces both internal	terrorism	and external dangers. The working relationship between our two countries is a necessary, though sometimes ...
2012	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... special relationship with the United Kingdom and appreciate its staunch support for our fight against	terrorism	worldwide. We thank the several other nations of Europe which have contributed to a united ...
2012	USA	US - NPP	Others -- Rep	... they now seek to reestablish their rich national identity. We do have common imperatives: ending	terrorism,	combating nuclear proliferation, promoting trade, and more. To advance those causes, we urge the leaders ...
2012	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... The President. Great to see you here. Attack on U.S. Mission in Benghazi, Libya /	Terrorism	Q. This question actually comes from a brain trust of my friends at Global Telecom ...
2012	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... first segment is the challenge of a changing Middle East and the new face of	terrorism.	I'm going to put this into two segments, so you'll have two topic questions within ...
2012	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... about the Middle East and how to help the Middle East reject the kind of	terrorism	we're seeing and the rising tide of tumult and confusion. And attacking me is not ...
2012	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... will confront challenges we can't imagine. In the 2000 debates, there was no mention of	terrorism,	for instance. And a year later, 9 / 11 happened. So we have to make ...
2012	USA	US - PCD	Unspecified	... race in the most volatile region in the world. Iran is a state sponsor of	terrorism,	and for them to be able to provide nuclear technology to nonstate actors, that's unacceptable. ...
2013	USA	US - RA	Obama	... our present, and our future. On Thursday, I outlined the future of our fight against	terrorism:	the threats we face, and the way in which we will meet them. On Friday, ...
2014	USA	US - SOU	Obama	... restrictions on detainee transfers and we close the prison at Guantanamo Bay. Because we counter	terrorism	not just through intelligence and military actions, but by remaining true to our constitutional ideals ...
